>> Maximiliano Firtman: So to do that,
we also need to create a web token.
And for that, there is another package for
go, because we are not going
to do it manually from this, it's called
Golang JWT, JSON web token, okay.
So we are going to use that library
because, I mean, we can do it manually,
but again, we are encrypting, decrypting,
but we don't wanna do it manually, okay?
So we are going to also
install this as well.
So following the readme,
we are currently getting
to the end of the course,
so we are right now here at G6,
so we need to also add this dependency.
So I'm going to open a terminal.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: I'm
gonna stop my server,
add Golang JWT, there we are.
Now let's restart a sever there.
And now we can create a token,
okay and make it work.
And now we need to go back
to the server for a while,
to make all the code to actually create
the token and validate the token.
And the idea will be, the token will
be just a string, an encrypted data.
We will send that token after login,
successful login, and
after successful registration.
And then the client will
store that somewhere, so
next API calls,
it will also attach that token.
So it will say, hey, this is me, this
is me, I have credentials, this is me,
that's how it works.
Now we need to create, we're going
to create a new package for this, so
with a new folder,
not inside handlers, actually there.
So let's call this token, and
inside token, we're going to create
actually 3 files, I mean,
lemme just one file with three functions,
we need three functions, so
we just to separate this.
We actually encrypt the token
remember that I mentioned
that the JWT is encrypted,
and the server knows the key.
So the key is string, so
the first thing that we will need to do is
to actually get the JWT secret dot go.
What's the secret, the key.
And where are we going to store that,
we can hard code it, or
we can use dot m, remember dot m?
So I can add here another thing
can be JWT secret for example.
And we can put a string here,
anything, the larger, the better.
And you should store this safely.
No one should access this anymore,.
You can do random strings wherever,
okay, where are websites that
you can will give you a secret,
we can even ask chatgpt for a secret.
I'm not sure if that's a good idea,
but create a secret for JWT for
me, anything that's the key, okay,
that we will use to encrypt that token and
decrypt that token when
the client send us a token.
Okay, so we need to get that,
that that secret we can and
we don't need,
we can write this, get them.
We have already done this, so
I will just get it from here, we have it.
We've done this is pretty straightforward.
It's reading from
the environmental variable needs.
>> Speaker 2: That one
needs a dot go extension.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Yeah,
you're right, not a dot o, a dot go and
also it's complaining because I need
to start always with the package.
And what I'm saving now,
it's adding the logger and everything, and
I'm receiving the logger because
if we cannot read that, okay,
we should log that we
couldn't read that log, okay?
So that's the first step,
then we need to create a token.
So we need to create another one for
creation,
can be creation dot go,
and this is a code.
This case, we are using the library,
it's not complicated, but
let me show you how that works based
on this, there we are, create JWT.
So I'm receiving a user and a logger.
The logger is for
sending messages to the logger, so
we need to create the JWT secret,
okay, like this.
So this is that, I'm sorry,
this is actually calling our get
WT secret that we have here.
It's reading the secret from the dot m,
that's the secret.
Then we integrate a new token with claims,
I say, with what with claims.
First, it needs the method that
we are using to sign this.
It had to do with internals of
the cryptography, it doesn't matter, and
then we have claims.
What's the claim, this is data
that we will save in the token,
and then we will encrypt it.
So that is known as a claim
from the JWT spec, right?
In this case, I'm saving the user ID,
the user email, and
the name and the expiration,
72 hours, you can change that.
It needs a time in Unix timestamp.
So the amount of milliseconds that
happened since 1st of January, 1970.
But here you say this is now,
plus 72 hours, so
we can say days, okay,
and you multiply these by,
five days or things like that,
okay, we have some constants there.
And then we sign the token
with the secret, and
that's the token string, and
that's we are getting back.
Okay, so
that's how you create a JSON web token.
And then we need another one, not for
the creation, but actually for validation.
So we have creation, and
let's add validation also that.
I mean, it's pretty similar, but
it's calling a different API, because for
validation, we also need
to get the secret, okay?
So we need to get the secret,
but what we're going to do,
we're going to unsign the package, okay?
And we're going to return the information.
So validate JWT,
it returns the token that is unencrypted,
so you can actually go back there and
get the data from there, okay,
and we can get an email.
So it's interesting to see that we
are actually saving users email in users'
devices, but because it's encrypted,
you cannot go and change it.
Because why JSON web token, why not
storing directly the email client side?
So send me your email every time you
wanna do something, and I trust you.
The problem is that I can go client
side and change the email and
then I can act as someone else
because I can easily go and
change my email and
you will trust that it's me.
So with JWT, we are also saving
the email client side, but
it's encrypted if you try to change that,
I will recognize server side that.
That's wrong because when I
unencrypt that, it's not gonna work.
So that's the idea, okay,
that's why the secret is so important,
because the secret is
the one that you open that.
And if your users get
access to your secret key,
they will be able to open the JSON
web token, change the email address,
pack it again and send you another
credential that is on you.
And your server will trust it, so
we don't want that, okay, make sense?
Okay, so now the next step, server side,
is that we need to touch our two web
services for authentication and creation.
Also, to our handlers,
when you have an account handler,
remember that we do have
an authentication response,
we are also going to add here the token.
We can call it token or
JWT token or something,
that in the in the readme, I call it JWT.
So let's stay with that name,
there's gonna be a string, and for
the JSON point of view,
it's just going to be lowercase jwt.
So now when I'm responding
a registration or a login,
I'm also sending you a JSON web
token to the client, okay, so now.
>> Speaker 3: I think your
JWT needs a closing quote.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Yeah,
you're right, so I have a typo here,
I'm not closing,
that will quote for there.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So now,
when we are registering here,
when I'm creating the response,
so what do I need to do?
I need to also set that new property,
and I'm going to get that from where?
So it's token dot create token, but when
I'm trying this, I'm not seeing this, so
be careful, because maybe it
auto imported the wrong token.
So let me go up and, yeah,
it's important importing from go token,
and I need to import from
frontend masters dom com token,
movies token, okay, so
that's why it wasn't working.
So when you do this, be careful and
check which one do you wanna import,
I want mine.
So now I will create
JWT that needs a user.
So I can create a user like this very
quickly with, for example, the email.
And that's the only thing that I
actually need to validate the user.
But let's pass the name also just
because I have it right now, like that.
Also it needs a logger in case
there is a problem with this.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And
I do have a logger there,
let me adjust the parenthesis like this.
So and also, I need to close the object.
Let me see, I'm missing something here.
So it's giving me an error because this is
Go, and in Go when you're doing multi-line
initialization, you need the trailing
comma, it's a mandatory trailing comma.
If you don't want the trailing comma,
you need to put everything in one line.
Okay, that's for registration,
I also need to do, so
that's because after registration,
you are logged in.
I don't wanna log in, I mean,
you're already logged in.
And authentication,
we need to do something similar.
So we are going to set JWT and from token,
we're going to create the token.
We also need to create the user.
Right now, we don't have the name,
because we are logging in the user,
we only have the email, which,
I mean, it's enough, for us.
And then you also need to
pass the logger that I
got from the outside, like so, and.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Actually
the email is coming for, from request,
dot email, and that's all.
So how do I know if this is working?
Before going to the client, something
that I can do is I can use postman.
So if I go to postman, I can try to
authenticate again and see what happens.
And I'm getting it, I'm getting a 200.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And if I look
at the answer, I have the success,
the message, and
I do have the JSON web token.
So it's actually sending
me encrypted inside,
we have the expiration, and also,
we have our own email address.